Update point-in-time-recovery.md (#19326)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/manage/backup-restore/point-in-time-recovery.md

### xCluster replication

> xCluster does not replicate any commands related to PITR. If you have two clusters with replication between them, enable PITR on both ends independently. To perform a restore, the following is the recommended procedure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xCluster does not replicate any commands related to PITR. If you have two clusters with replication between them, enable PITR on both ends independently. You can perform a restore using the following recommended procedure:
```

1. Stop application workloads and make sure there are no active transactions.
1. Wait for replication to complete.

> 1. Delete xCluster replication from both sides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Delete xCluster replication from both clusters.
```
